
Total FB comments for Test DataSet=1321
best cross-validation result:
{'min_freq': 10, 'punct': True, 'accuracy': 0.94622980901562159, 'features': (<function token_features at 0x0000018D74DFB048>, <function lexicon_features at 0x0000018D74DFB158>)}worst cross-validation result:
{'min_freq': 10, 'punct': True, 'accuracy': 0.73555625306838579, 'features': (<function lexicon_features at 0x0000018D74DFB158>,)}
TOP COEFFICIENTS PER CLASS:
 negative words:token=not: 6.31963
token=cannot: 2.34735
token=corrupt: 2.21154
token=never: 2.08515
token=corruption: 2.02312
positive words:token=just: 2.45433
token=know: 1.82822
token=help: 1.69895
token=true: 1.68152
token=make: 1.60179
 Number of instances per class found:
 Positive=839
 Negative=489
Top 5 Positive Comments
So proud & happy- for Ivanka & Jared!! 
Thank you to all of our law enforcement agencies throughout the country! #Respect 
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad & so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered! 
I am often asked what I would do on my first day in office, as President of the United States of America. Here is what I would do: 
An honor to be endorsed by Sheriff Joe Arpaio in Iowa last night! Thank you! http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2016/01/26/sheriff-joe-arpaio-to-endorse-donald-trump-in-iowa/ Iowa caucus finder: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/iowa/caucus-finder/ 
Top 5 Negative Comments
DONALD J. TRUMP ON THE STAKES OF THE ELECTION Today Id like to share my thoughts about the stakes in this election. People have asked me why I am running for President. I have built an amazing business that I love and I get to work side-by-side with my children every day. We come to work together and turn visions into reality. We think big, and then we make it happen. I love what I do, and I am grateful beyond words to the nation that has allowed me to do it. So when people ask me why I am running, I quickly answer: I am running to give back to this country which has been so good to me. When I see the crumbling roads and bridges, or the dilapidated airports, or the factories moving overseas to Mexico, or to other countries, I know these problems can all be fixed, but not by Hillary Clinton  only by me. The fact is, we can come back bigger and better and stronger than ever before --Jobs, jobs, jobs! Everywhere I look, I see the possibilities of what our country could be. But we cant solve any of these problems by relying on the politicians who created them. We will never be able to fix a rigged system by counting on the same people who rigged it in the first place. The insiders wrote the rules of the game to keep themselves in power and in the money. Thats why were asking Bernie Sanders voters to join our movement: so together we can fix the system for ALL Americans. Importantly, this includes fixing all of our many disastrous trade deals. Because its not just the political system thats rigged. Its the whole economy. Its rigged by big donors who want to keep down wages. Its rigged by big businesses who want to leave our country, fire our workers, and sell their products back into the U.S. with absolutely no consequences for them. Its rigged by bureaucrats who are trapping kids in failing schools. Its rigged against you, the American people. Hillary Clinton who, as most people know, is a world class liar  just look at her pathetic email and server statements, or her phony landing in Bosnia where she said she was under attack but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers, a total self-serving lie.[1] Brian Williams career was destroyed for saying far less. Yesterday, she even tried to attack me and my many businesses. But here is the bottom line: I started off in Brooklyn New York, not so long ago, with a small loan and built a business worth over 10 billion dollars. I have always had a talent for building businesses and, importantly, creating jobs. That is a talent our country desperately needs. I am running for President to end the unfairness and to put you, the American worker, first. We are going to put America First, and we are going to Make America Great again. This election will decide whether we are ruled by the people, or by the politicians. Here is my promise to the American voter: If I am elected President, I will end the special interest monopoly in Washington, D.C. The other candidate in this race has spent her entire life making money for special interests  and taking money from special interests. Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft. She ran the State Department like her own personal hedge fund  doing favors for oppressive regimes, and many others, in exchange for cash. Then, when she left, she made $21.6 million giving speeches to Wall Street banks and other special interests  in less than 2 years  secret speeches that she does not want to reveal to the public. [2] [3] Together, she and Bill made $153 million giving speeches to lobbyists, CEOs, and foreign governments in the years since 2001.[4] They totally own her, and that will never change. The choice in this election is a choice between taking our government back from the special interests, or surrendering our last scrap of independence to their total and complete control. Those are the stakes. Hillary Clinton wants to be President. But she does not have the temperament, or, as Bernie Sanders' said, the judgement, to be president. She believes she is entitled to the office. Her campaign slogan is Im with her. You know what my response to that is? Im with you: the American people. She thinks its all about her. I know its all about you  I know its all about making America Great Again for All Americans. Our country lost its way when we stopped putting the American people first. We got here because we switched from a policy of Americanism  focusing on whats good for Americas middle class  to a policy of globalism, focusing on how to make money for large corporations who can move their wealth and workers to foreign countries all to the detriment of the American worker and the American economy. We reward companies for offshoring, and we punish companies for doing business in America and keeping our workers employed. This is not a rising tide that lifts all boats. This is a wave of globalization that wipes out our middle class and our jobs. We need to reform our economic system so that, once again, we can all succeed together, and America can become rich again. Thats what we mean by America First. Our country will be better off when we start making our own products again, bringing our once great manufacturing capabilities back to our shores. Our Founders understood this. One of the first major bills signed by George Washington called for the encouragement and protection of manufactur[ing] in America.[5] Our first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned us by saying: The abandonment of the protective policy by the American government will produce want and ruin among our people.[6] I have visited the cities and towns across America and seen the devastation caused by the trade policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton supported Bill Clintons disastrous NAFTA, just like she supported Chinas entrance into the World Trade Organization.[7] Weve lost nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs since these two Hillary-backed agreements were signed.[8] Our trade deficit with China soared 40% during Hillary Clintons time as Secretary of State -- a disgraceful performance for which she should not be congratulated, but rather scorned.[9] Then she let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property  a crime which is continuing to this day.[10] Hillary Clinton gave China millions of our best jobs, and effectively let China completely rebuild itself. In return, Hillary Clinton got rich! The book Clinton Cash, by Peter Schweitzer, documents how Bill and Hillary used the State Department to enrich their family at Americas expense. She gets rich making you poor. Here is a quote from the book: At the center of US policy toward China was Hillary Clintonat this critical time for US-china relations, Bill Clinton gave a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters. These funds were paid to the Clinton bank account while Hillary was negotiating with China on behalf of the United States.[11] She sold out our workers, and our country, for Beijing. Hillary Clinton has also been the biggest promoter of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which will ship millions more of our jobs overseas  and give up Congressional power to an international foreign commission.[12] Now, because I have pointed out why it would be such a disastrous deal, she is pretending that she is against it. She has even deleted this record of total support from her book  deletion is something she is very good at -- (at least 30,000 emails are missing.)[13] But this latest Clinton cover-up doesnt change anything: if she is elected president, she will adopt the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and we will lose millions of jobs and our economic independence for good. She will do this, just as she has betrayed the American worker on trade at every single stage of her career  and it will be even worse than the Clintons NAFTA deal. I want trade deals, but they have to be great for the United States and our workers. We do not make great deals anymore, but we will once I become president. Its not just our economy thats been corrupted, but our foreign policy too. The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives and trillions of dollars  and unleashed ISIS across the world. No Secretary of State has been more wrong, more often, and in more places than Hillary Clinton. Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched. Among the victims is our late Ambassador, Chris Stevens. He was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed -- that's right, when the phone rang at 3 o'clock in the morning, she was sleeping. Ambassador Stevens and his staff in Libya made hundreds of requests for security.[14] Hillary Clintons State Department refused them all. She started the war that put him in Libya, denied him the security he asked for, then left him there to die. To cover her tracks, Hillary lied about a video being the cause of his death.[15] Here is what one of the victims mothers had to say: I want the whole world to know it: she lied to my face, and you dont want this person to be president.[16] In 2009, before Hillary Clinton was sworn in, it was a different world. Libya was cooperating. Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence. Syria was under control. Iran was being choked by sanctions. Egypt was governed by a friendly regime that honored its peace treaty with Israel. ISIS wasnt even on the map. Fast forward to 2013: In just four years, Secretary Clinton managed to almost single-handedly destabilize the entire Middle East. Her invasion of Libya handed the country over to the ISIS barbarians. Thanks to Hillary Clinton, Iran is now the dominant Islamic power in the Middle East, and on the road to nuclear weapons. Hillary Clintons support for violent regime change in Syria has thrown the country into one of the bloodiest civil wars anyone has ever seen  while giving ISIS a launching pad for terrorism against the West.[17] She helped force out a friendly regime in Egypt and replace it with the radical Muslim Brotherhood. The Egyptian military has retaken control, but Clinton has opened the Pandoras box of radical Islam. Then, there was the disastrous strategy of announcing our departure date from Iraq, handing large parts of the country over to ISIS killers.[18] ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made. ISIS also threatens peaceful Muslims across the Middle East, and peaceful Muslims across the world, who have been terribly victimized by horrible brutality  and who only want to raise their kids in peace and safety. In short, Hillary Clintons tryout for the presidency has produced one deadly foreign policy disaster after another. It all started with her bad judgment in supporting the War in Iraq in the first place.[19] Though I was not in government service, I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war, and yes, even before the war ever started.[20] But Hillary Clinton learned nothing from Iraq, because when she got into power, she couldnt wait to rush us off to war in Libya. She lacks the temperament, the judgment and the competence to lead. In the words of a Secret Service agent posted outside the Oval Office: She simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the officefrom the bottom of my soul, I know this to be trueHer leadership style  volcanic, impulsivedisdainful of the rules set for everyone else  hasnt changed a bit.[21] Perhaps the most terrifying thing about Hillary Clintons foreign policy is that she refuses to acknowledge the threat posed by Radical Islam. In fact, Hillary Clinton supports a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees coming into the United States, and that's an increase over President Obama's already very high number.[22] Under her plan, we would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees from the most dangerous countries on Earth  with no way to screen who they are or what they believe.[23] [24] Already, hundreds of recent immigrants and their children have been convicted of terrorist activity inside the U.S.[25] The father of the Orlando shooter was a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan, one of the most repressive anti-gay and anti-women regimes on Earth.[26] I only want to admit people who share our values and love our people. Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death. Maybe her motivation lies among the more than 1,000 foreign donations Hillary failed to disclose while at the State Department.[27] Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. Here is some more of what we learned from the book, Clinton Cash: A foreign telecom giant faced possible State Department sanctions for providing technology to Iran, and other oppressive regimes. So what did this company do? For the first time ever, they decided to pay Bill Clinton $750,000 for a single speech. The Clintons got their cash, the telecom company escaped sanctions.[28] Hillary Clintons State Department approved the transfer of 20% of Americas uranium holdings to Russia, while 9 investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.[29] Hillary Clinton appointed a top donor to a national security board with top secret access  even though he had no national security credentials.[30] Hillary Clinton accepted $58,000 in jewelry from the government of Brunei when she was Secretary of State  plus millions more for her foundation. The Sultan of Brunei has pushed oppressive Sharia law, including the punishment of death by stoning for being gay. The government of Brunei also stands to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Hillarys Trans-Pacific Partnership, which she would absolutely approve if given the chance. [31] Hillary Clinton took up to $25 million from Saudi Arabia, where being gay is also punishable by death.[32] Hillary took millions from Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and many other countries that horribly abuse women and LGBT citizens.[33] To cover-up her corrupt dealings, Hillary Clinton illegally stashed her State Department emails on a private server. Her server was easily hacked by foreign governments  perhaps even by her financial backers in Communist China  putting all of America in danger.[34] Then there are the 33,000 emails she deleted.[35] While we may not know what is in those deleted emails, our enemies probably do. So they probably now have a blackmail file over someone who wants to be President of the United States. This fact alone disqualifies her from the Presidency. We cant hand over our government to someone whose deepest, darkest secrets may be in the hands of our enemies. National security is also immigration security  and Hillary wants neither. Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States. She has pledged to grant mass amnesty and in her first 100 days, end virtually all immigration enforcement, and thus create totally open borders in the United States.[36] The first victims of her radical policies will be poor African-American and Hispanic workers who need jobs. They are the ones she will hurt the most. Let me share with you a letter our campaign received from Mary Ann Mendoza. She lost her amazing son, Police Sergeant Brandon Mendoza, after he was killed by an illegal immigrant because of the open borders policies supported by Hillary Clinton.[37] Sadly, the Mendoza family is just one of thousands who have suffered the same fate. Here is an excerpt from Mrs. Mendozas letter: Hillary Clinton, who already has the blood of so many on her hands, is now announcing that she is willing to put each and every one of our lives in harms way  an open door policy to criminals and terrorists to enter our country. Hillary is not concerned about you or I, she is only concerned about the power the presidency would bring to her. She needs to go to prison to pay for the crimes she has already committed against this country. Hillary also wants to spend hundreds of billions to resettle Middle Eastern refugees in the United States, on top of the current record level of immigration. For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America. Hillarys Wall Street immigration agenda will keep immigrant communities poor, and unemployed Americans out of work. She cant claim to care about African-American and Hispanic workers when she wants to bring in millions of new low-wage workers to compete against them. Here are a few things a Trump Administration will do for America in the first 100 days: Appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution. Hillary Clintons radical judges will virtually abolish the 2nd amendment. Change immigration rules to give unemployed Americans an opportunity to fill good-paying jobs Stand up to countries that cheat on trade, of which there are many Cancel rules and regulations that send jobs overseas Lift restrictions on energy production Repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare -- it is a disaster. Pass massive tax reform to create millions of new jobs. Impose tough new ethics rules to restore dignity to the Office of Secretary of State. There is one common theme in all of these reforms. Its going to be America First. This is why the stakes in November are so great. On Election Day, the politicians stand trial before the people. The voters are the jury. Their ballots are the verdict. We dont need or want another Clinton or Obama. Come November, the American people will have a chance to issue a verdict on the politicians that have sacrificed their security, betrayed their prosperity, and sold out their country. They will have a chance to vote for a new agenda with big dreams, bold ideas and enormous possibilities for the American people. Hillary Clintons message is old and tired. Her message is that cant change. My message is that things have to change  and this is our one chance do it. This is our last chance to do it. Americans are the people that tamed the West, that dug out the Panama Canal, that sent satellites across the solar system that built the great dams, and so much more. Then we started thinking small. We stopped believing in what America could do, and became reliant on other countries, other people, and other institutions. We lost our sense of purpose, and daring. But thats not who we are. Come this November, we can bring America back  bigger and better, and stronger than ever. We will build the greatest infrastructure on the planet earth  the roads and railways and airports of tomorrow. Our military will have the best technology and finest equipment  we will bring it back all the way. Massive new factories will come roaring into our country  breathing life and hope into our communities. Inner cities, which have been horribly abused by Hillary Clinton and the Democrat Party, will finally be rebuilt. Construction is what I know -- nobody knows it better. The real wages for our workers have not been raised for 18 years -- but these wages will start going up, along with the new jobs. Hillarys massive taxation, regulation and open borders will destroy jobs and drive down wages for everyone. We are also going to be supporting our police and law enforcement -- we can never forget the great job they do. I am also going to appoint great Supreme Court Justices. Our country is going to start working again. People are going to start working again. Parents are going to start dreaming big for their children again  including parents in our inner cities. Americans are going to start believing in the future or our country. We are going to make America rich again. We are going to make America safe again. We are going to make America Great Again  and Great Again For EVERYONE. ------------------------------------------------------ [1] (Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton Remarks on Iraq The George Washington University, 3/17/2008) [2] (2013 Tax Return, Hillary Clinton, Accessed 6/22/2016) [3] (2014 Tax Return, Hillary Clinton, Accessed 6/22/2016) [4] (Robert Yoon, $153 million in Bill and Hillary Clinton speaking fees, documented, CNN, 2/6/2016) [5] (Statement submitted by Thomas O. Marvin, Secretary Home Market Club, Boston, Committee of Ways and Means, 1/10/1913) [6] (Abraham Lincoln, Complete Works, John Nicolay and John Hay, 1894) [7] (Domenico Montanaro, A Timeline Of Hillary Clinton's Evolution On Trade NPR, 4/21/2015) [8] (All Employees: Manufacturing, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Accessed 6/22/2016) [9] (Trade in Goods with China, U.S. Census Report, Accessed 6/22/2016) [10] (The Report of the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property, The IP Commission Report, May 2013) [11] (Lauren Carroll, Fact-checking 'Clinton Cash' author on claim about Bill Clinton's speaking fees, Politifact, 4/26/2015) [12] (Press Release, Fast-Track Would Give Obama Green Light To Form EU-Inspired Pacific Union, Surrender Congress Treaty Powers, Senator Jeff Sessions, 6/8/2015) [13] (Paperback version of Clinton's 'Hard Choices omits her former TPP trade pact support Fox News, 6/11/2016) [14] (Melanie Hunter, More Than 600 Benghazi Security Requests Never Reached Clintons Desk, But Reports on Libya from Her Friend Did, CNS News, 10/22/2015) [15] (Press Release, State Department Belatedly Releases New Clinton Benghazi Documents, Judicial Watch, 4/14/2016) [16] ('I Want the World to Know That Hillary Lied to My Face,' Fox News, 8/22/2013) [17] (Anne Barnard, Death Toll From War in Syria Now 470,000, Group Finds, The New York Times, 2/11/2016) [18] (Obama: All US Troops Out Of Iraq By End Of Year, NBC News, 10/21/2011) [19] (Adam Lerner, Hillary Clinton says her Iraq war vote was a 'mistake,' Politico, 5/19/2015) [20] (Donald J. Trump, Your World With Neil Cavuto, Fox News, 1/28/2003) [21] (Secret Service agent's book claims Clinton has 'volcanic' leadership style, Fox News, 6/6/2016) [22] (Rebecca Kaplan, Hillary Clinton: U.S. should take 65,000 Syrian refugees, CBS News, 9/20/2015) [23] (Michael Patrick Leahy, Politifact Says Trump Is Right: Hillary Clinton Supports 500% Increase in Syrian Refugees Breitbart, 6/15/2016) [24] (Melanie Hunter, FBI Director Admits U.S. Will Have No Basis to Vet Some Syrian Refugees CNS News, 10/21/2015) [25] (Judson Berger, Anatomy of the terror threat: Files shed light on nature, extent of plots in US, Fox News, 6/22/2016) [26] (Jonathan Landay and Yeganeh Torbati, Father of Orlando shooter hosted political show on Afghan-Pakistan issues, Reuters, 6/13/2016) [27] (Joshua Green and Richard Rubin, Clinton Foundation Failed to Disclose 1,100 Foreign Donations, Bloomberg Politics, 4/29/2015) [28] (Matthew Mosk and Brian Ross, Bill Clinton Cashed In When Hillary Became Secretary of State, ABC News, 4/23/2015) [29] (Jo Becker and Mike McIntire, Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal, The New York Times, 4/23/2015) [30] (David Sirota, Clinton Foundation Donors Got Weapons Deals From Hillary Clinton's State Department, International Business Times, 5/26/2015) [31] (Office of the Chief of Protocol; Gifts to Federal Employees From Foreign Government Sources Reported to Employing Agencies in Calendar Year 2012; Notice, Department of State, 8/20/2013) [32] (William La Jeunesse, Rights groups silent as Clinton Foundation takes millions from countries that imprison gays, Fox News, 6/17/2016) [33] (Contributor and Grantor Information, Clinton Foundation, Accessed 6/22/2016) [34] (Josh Gerstein and Rachael Bade, Clinton server faced hacking from China, South Korea and Germany, Politico, 10/8/2015) [35] (Paula Reid and Hannah Fraser-Chanpong, Report: FBI pulls deleted emails from Hillary Clinton's server, CBS News, 9/22/2015) [36] (Monica Alba, Hillary Clinton Calls Trump a 'Bully' Who Threatens Economy, NBC News, 5/23/2016) [37] (Megan Cassidy, Mom is angry that man who killed son was not deported, USA Today, 7/11/2014) 
DONALD J. TRUMP RESPONSE TO CRUZ AND KASICH CAMPAIGNS It is sad that two grown politicians have to collude against one person who has only been a politician for ten months in order to try and stop that person from getting the Republican nomination. Senator Cruz has done very poorly and after his New York performance, which was a total disaster, he is in free fall and as everyone has seen, he does not react well under pressure. Also, approximately 80% of the Republican Party is against him. Governor Kasich, who has only won 1 state out of 41, in other words, he is 1 for 41 and he is not even doing as well as other candidates who could have stubbornly stayed in the race like him but chose not to do so. Marco Rubio, as an example, has more delegates than Kasich and yet suspended his campaign one month ago. Others, likewise, have done much better than Kasich, who would get slaughtered by Hillary Clinton once the negative ads against him begin. 85% of Republican voters are against Kasich. Collusion is often illegal in many other industries and yet these two Washington insiders have had to revert to collusion in order to stay alive. They are mathematically dead and this act only shows, as puppets of donors and special interests, how truly weak they and their campaigns are. I have brought millions of voters into the Republican primary system and have received many millions of votes more than Cruz or Kasich. Additionally, I am far ahead of both candidates with delegates and would be receiving in excess of 60% of the vote except for the fact that there were so many candidates running against me. Because of me, everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged. When two candidates who have no path to victory get together to stop a candidate who is expanding the party by millions of voters, (all of whom will drop out if I am not in the race) it is yet another example of everything that is wrong in Washington and our political system. This horrible act of desperation, from two campaigns who have totally failed, makes me even more determined, for the good of the Republican Party and our country, to prevail! 
The American people will decide on our next President of the United States of America! Not the media - not special interests - not super PACs! 
DONALD J. TRUMP ADDRESSES CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES It is so great to be back in New Hampshire. I have developed such deep affection for this state and for its people. My first victory took place here. Over the next 74 days, we are all going to work very hard together to win this state  just like we did in the primaries  and to win the White House for the American people. Our victory is going to be a victory for the great majority of Americans whose voice has not been heard. Year after year, we live under a Washington regime that ignores your demands, rejects your cries for help, and that always puts your needs last. The real divide in this election is not between left and right, but between everyday working people and a corrupt political establishment that works only for itself. This election is a chance for the great majority of decent citizens to end the rule of a small group of special interests and to return that power to the voters. Hillary Clinton believes only in government of, by and for the powerful. I am promising government of, by and for the people. In this fight, we are taking on some very entrenched and well-financed interests. These are the same people who pay Hillary $10,000 dollars a minute for a speech. These special interests are the same people who own the newspapers that cover-up her crimes. These are the Wall Street firms who paid Hillary Clinton a quarter of a million dollars each time she delivered her secret remarks. They are the same people who paid Bill and Hillary Clinton over $150 million dollars for speeches since Bill left the Oval Office  and who donated countless millions more to the Clinton Foundation. But, you have the power, with your vote, to defeat those special interests and put the people back in charge once more. This has been a historic week in American politics. The voters have always known that our leadership in Washington D.C. is corrupt, and that the system is very badly rigged. But this week the curtain was lifted. The corruption was revealed for all to see. The veil was pulled back on a vast criminal enterprise run out of the State Department by Hillary Clinton. As the Associated Press documented, more than half of the meetings Hillary Clinton took as Secretary of State with people outside government were Foundation donors. Hillary Clintons chief of staff received more messages from the Clinton Foundations Chief Operating Officer than just about anyone else. 85 donors alone that she met with as Secretary gave the Foundation $156 million dollars. On top of that, Bill Clintons total speaking fees rose 44% while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State  often raking in money from people who had business or matters before the State Department. As I said weeks ago, Hillary Clinton ran the State Department like a personal hedge fund. It is hard to tell where the Clinton Foundation ended, and where the State Department began. Access and favors were sold for cash. Its called Pay-For-Play. Over and over and over, people who donated to the Clinton Foundation  or who gave money to Bill Clinton  got favorable treatment from Hillary Clintons State Department. The examples are too many to name here in full, and Ive gone over some in recent days. They include the deal to sell 20% of U.S. Uranium to Russia, or the favorable treatment for UBS. It includes the exemption of Telecom Giant Ericsson from government sanctions. It includes efforts to put a Foundation donor  with no national security experience  onto a highly-sensitive national security panel with access to top secret information. It includes Foundation donors getting lucrative contracts in Haiti  all while the people of Haiti suffered horribly. But these examples are only the tip of the Clinton Corruption iceberg. Hillary Clintons actions constitute all of the elements of a major criminal enterprise. She created a private illegal email server in order to hide her corrupt dealings. She did so knowing full well it would put American lives at risk by making classified information highly vulnerable to foreign hacking. But, she didnt care  as long as it helped her get away with her crime, no risk to America was too great. Then, to further cover-up her crime, she deleted 33,000 emails to keep them out of the hands of authorities and the American public. As a further element of the criminal cover-up, she claimed under penalty of perjury that she turned over all of her work related emails. We now know this to be one more massive Clinton lie. The FBI found thousands of work-related emails she failed to turn over, including the new discovery this week of 15,000 more work-related emails she failed to disclose. What is being uncovered now is one of the most shocking scandals in American political history. A Secretary of State sold her office to corporations and foreign governments, betraying the public trust  putting innocent lives in danger  and then she went to great lengths to hide, delete, destroy and lie about the evidence. Just like her lie that she never sent any material marked classified. Lie after lie after lie. This is the corruption we expect to see in a Third World country  but not in America. Just imagine the damage to our security, to our integrity, to our standing in the world, if Hillary Clinton is allowed to sell the Oval Office the same way she sold her office as Secretary of State. We cannot let this happen. We must vote on November 8th to keep the American government from being sold to the highest bidder. Vote to save your country. Vote to protect your family. Vote for honesty, integrity and accountability. Now, as all of these revelations have been discovered this week, Hillary Clinton has been in hiding. But today, she emerges. However, she is emerging not to take responsibility for her unethical and criminal conduct, but instead to make one of the most brazen attempts at distraction in the history of politics. Now, I have not seen Hillary Clintons remarks. And, in a sense, I dont want to dignify them by dwelling on them too much, but a response is required for the sake of all decent voters she is trying to smear. The news reports are that Hillary Clinton is going to try to accuse this campaign, and the millions of decent Americans who support this campaign, of being racists. Its the oldest play in the Democratic playbook. When Democratic policies fail, they are left with only this one tired argument. Its the last refuge of the discredited politician. They keep going back to this same well, but the well has run dry. This is the year that the people who have been betrayed by Democratic policies, including millions of African-American and Hispanic-American citizens, reject the politicians who have failed them and vote for change. As Ive discussed for many days now, Democratic politicians have run nearly every inner city in America for fifty or sixty years or more. Their policies have produced only more poverty, joblessness, and failing schools. Every policy Hillary Clinton supports is a policy that has failed and betrayed communities of color in this country. But she just doesnt care  shes too busy raking in cash from the people rigging the system. Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty. 58% of African-American youth are not working. More than 2,700 people have been shot in Chicago this year alone. These are the consequences of Hillary Clintons policies. She has brought nothing but pain and heartache to our inner cities. On top of that, she wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent. We should be helping these businesses to grow and expand  but Hillary Clinton is trying to shut them down. She opposes school choice. She supports open borders that violate the civil rights of African-Americans by giving their jobs to people here unlawfully. She supports trade policies that have closed factories in African-American communities and put millions of African-Americans out of work. She supports radical regulations that put Americans out of work and raise the price of their energy bills. She supports policies on crime that make communities less safe, and that make it harder to raise your children in security and peace. I believe every single parent in this country  and especially in the inner cities  has the right to raise their kids in safety. This is one of the great civil rights issues of our time. But Hillary Clinton doesnt want to talk about any of this. She cant defend her record. She doesnt have one single proposal that hasnt been tried and failed. She doesnt have one idea that does anything but destroy jobs for African-American and Hispanic citizens  and all citizens  in our country. So what does she do when she cant defend her record? She lies, she smears, she paints decent Americans as racists. She bullies voters, who only want a better future, and tries to intimidate them out of voting for change. As I discussed yesterday, these are the same tactics the establishment powers used to try to scare the British people out of voting for change too. It didnt work there. It wont work here. The American people are ready to vote for freedom, opportunity and justice. They are ready to take back control of their own futures. Its time the Clintons were held accountable for their inappropriate conduct. According to the book Game Change, Bill Clinton said about President Barack Obama that a few years ago this guy would have been getting us coffee. And weve all seen the cringe-worthy comments from Hillary Clinton, which I wont get into here but we all know what they are. Heres the important point though that I want to get across today. Hillary Clinton isnt just attacking me, shes attacking all the people who support our movement. We cant let that stand. Voters are used to the old game where failed politicians like Hillary Clinton falsely smear Republicans with charges of racism. Republicans then back down. Democrats then continue to push policies that are devastating to communities of color. We must break this corrupt cycle. And we are going to break it beginning today. So let me make some very clear statements before this whole country. First, on the border. People who want their laws enforced and respected, and who want their border secured, are not racists. They are patriotic Americans of all backgrounds who want their jobs protected and their country kept safe. I will never apologize for pledging to enforce and uphold every single law of the United States, and to make my immigration priority defending and protecting American citizens above every other single consideration. We will end illegal immigration and we will restore the Constitutional rule of law. Next, on national security. People who speak out against Radical Islam, and who warn about refugees, are not Islamophobes. They are decent American citizens who want to uphold our values as a tolerant society, and who want to keep the terrorists out of our country. If the choice is between saving lives  or appeasing politically-correct censors in Washington D.C., that is the easiest choice I will ever have to make. I will always choose saving American lives. Now, on crime. People who support the police, and who want crime reduced, are not prejudiced. They are concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent child is lost to preventable violence. There is no compassion in tolerating crime, and poisonous drug dealing, and the killings in our streets. I will work to dismantle the criminal gangs and cartels and to liberate our poorest citizens from crime and violence and poverty and fear. To Hillary Clinton, and to her donors and advisors, pushing her to spread her smears and her lies about decent people, I have three words. I want you to hear these words, and remember these words: Shame On You. When you are like the Clintons, getting $69 million dollars in political contributions from Wall Street and Big Banks, it is easy to look down on the so-called little people. Its easy to ignore the devastation caused by our open borders when you spend all your time with wealthy donors and Hollywood celebrities. It is easy to ignore the heartfelt concerns of communities about Radical Islam entering our country, when you spend your time hanging out with foreign dictators in their lavish palaces. And it is easy, no doubt, for Hillary Clinton to turn a blind eye to the ravages of crime, when she has her own personal armed security force. This is how the system is rigged. For decades, the American people have demanded that their immigration laws be enforced and that their jobs be protected from out-of-control immigration. But the special interests, who only want cheap labor, have stopped it from happening. For years, the American people have worried about letting Radical Islam spread within our shores, but the elites  who only want to raise more money from global corporations  ignore the concerns of the American voters. For fifty years, people living in our inner cities have suffered under a failed policy regime. But the Democratic politicians  who only want to please media executives and Wall Street donors  do nothing but expand the hurt and the suffering. It is time for a new day to dawn in America. On November 8th, we will end the rule of special interests  and we will begin the rule of the people. I am asking for your vote so that we can break free from the failures of the past and create a New American Future. I am asking for your vote so that we can achieve amazing things for the American people. I am asking for the vote of every African-American, and Hispanic-American, who wants a better future  a future that begins with jobs, jobs and more jobs. We will fix our disastrous trade deals and stand up to countries that cheat. We will lower taxes and create millions of new jobs as a result. We will unleash an American energy revolution. We will eliminate job-killing regulations. We will repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare. We will enforce our immigration laws, and we will put rules in place that hire American workers first. We will end the era of nation-building, and instead work in partnership with our allies to crush and destroy ISIS. We will keep Radical Islamic Terrorism out of our country. We will promote the values of tolerance, justice and acceptance. We will steadfastly reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms. America will be one nation  united in common purpose and common dreams. Our citizens will proudly promote our values and our system of government as the best in the world  and we will do so without apology. Together, We Will Make America Prosperous Again. We Will Make America Proud Again. We Will Make America Safe Again. Friends, citizens and fellow Americans: We Will Make America Great Again. Thank you, and God Bless! Donald J. Trump 
At Hillary Clintons convention this week, Democrats have been speaking about a world that doesnt exist. A world where America has full employment, where theres no such thing as radical Islamic terrorism, where the border is totally secured, and where thousands of innocent Americans have not suffered from rising crime in cities like Baltimore and Chicago. In the Democrats fantasy world, there is no problem with Hillary Clinton maintaining an illegal, exposed server full of classified information that could have been hacked by any foreign enemy, and in which Hillary Clinton risked prison time to delete 33,000 emails that were simply about yoga and wedding planning. In this world, there is no Hillary Clinton disaster in Syria, Libya and Egypt, ISIS doesnt merit a mention, Iran isnt on the path to nukes, convention stages dont need American flags, and our great men and women of law enforcement, our police, do not need to be honored. I propose a different vision for America, one where we can break up Washingtons rigged system, and empower all Americans to achieve their dreams. In our vision, we will put America First. If we deliver this change, the future is limitless and we will Make America Great Again for everyone. 
